---
layout: post
title: "Odyssey of the Mind [2023-2024]"
date: 2024-03-15
tags: [ootm, stem, education]
image: /assets/img/ootm/OOTM-logo.png
excerpt: "Odyssey of the Mind Coleman Chapter run by Community School Glen Rock via BEM."
featured: false
---

We're excited to welcome you to Brain Eating Machines, where young innovators discover the exciting world of robotics and engineering!

## Our Mission

At Brain Eating Machines, we believe that every student has the potential to be a creator, innovator, and problem-solver. Through hands-on robotics education using LEGO® Spike Prime, we're building the next generation of engineers, programmers, and critical thinkers.

### **Team 1 - Vehicle Champions (Category - Vehicle)**

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8UAAYCImjTw?si=-Liq28f8A___-oeX" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>


### **Team 2 - Technogeniuses (Category - Technical)**

OMER's Techno-genuises built Martha Bot only to realize she could destroy a human created art work and rebuild her own version in Nano Seconds. Do you think Bot Martha won the Art Competitions? Stakes were high. Did techno genius humans could stop Bot Martha take on the world? How did these tech humans plot AI & Bots to their advantage? Find out here....

Technogeniuses learnt the concept and working of Servo motors. They learnt about a micro controller

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y3axrrBgk3Q?si=LC8qsQ5Z1f1RBP-w" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>


### **Team 3 - Performance**



### **Team 4 - Primary Team**

Primary team The Night Life

When most people are sleeping, there is a whole new world that comes to life in the night. In this problem teams will create and present a performance about an explorer character that searches for things in nature that “wake up” at nighttime. It will also include a team-created original discovery, something that lights up, and a team member in costume that represents a nocturnal animal.






## **Competition Results(Regionals, States, World Finals)**

1. Participation Award 2023-24 for OOTM 2023-24 for Division Primary. 

2. 3rd place in North Jersey(Skylands) Regionals, and 6th Place in State Finals, 2023-24 in Division 1 Category Vehicle.

3. 3rd place in North Jersey (Skylands) Regionals, and 3rd place in State Finals, New Jersey State, 2023-24. in Division 1, Category - Technical

4. 3rd place in North Jersey Regionals in Division 2,Category Performance.



